c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\Bin\Debug\KTorrentWP7.dll
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\Bin\Debug\KTorrentWP7.pdb
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\Bin\Debug\KTorrentWP7.xap
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\obj\Debug\DetailsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\obj\Debug\KTorrentWP7.g.resources
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\obj\Debug\KTorrentWP7.dll
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\obj\Debug\KTorrentWP7.pdb
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\obj\Debug\TorrentsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\wes\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\wes\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\wes\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\obj\Debug\TorrentDetailsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\obj\Debug\Help.g.i.cs
C:\Users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\Bin\Debug\FlurryWP7SDK.dll
C:\Users\wes\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KTorrentWP7\KTorrentWP7\obj\Debug\AddHost.g.i.cs
